How about it?
Don't do it. Eat quickly
There are sheep again. lay down.
What are you doing? Just do it.
Sorry, I'm sorry, I'm too new to my shoes.
This is a quick-acting food,
boss. You should eat more.
Add-ons I made. Where is the bonus?
Isn't this an added dish?
This took me two hours,
Learn how to do it from the tutorial on Penalty.
What tutorial?
Come and take a look. I envy every couple who never breaks up,
I don’t want you to eat like me
let's eat together
We broke up a lot after eating
I know a particularly delicious walk-in restaurant
You left just recently
Is it delicious if I feed you something?
Much more delicious than the no-breakup set meal
I really thought it was Police Officer Zhao Erba's free lunch.
I didn't expect that he was single and came out to deceive fools.
You are just stupid
I'm a fool
There's no need for that fool to take you to work.
My company is right across the street
I'm going to walk
I'm leaving first
Tell me everyone
Everyone, wait a moment
You go opposite
Here are two handsome pieces of red